README.md, before:

<!--title-->
# Spider-Man Super Quiz- Project Portfolio 2- HTML, CSS and JavaScript.

<!--summary paragraph-->
Spider-Man Super Quiz is a fun and interactive quiz which has been independently built by myself. The aim of the quiz is for Marvel fans, in particular fans of Spider-Man, to test their knowledge on their favourite superhero- Spider-Man. The fun but professional and inviting structure of the quiz means it is perfect for Spider-Man fans of all ages and knowledge to get started on seeing how well their Spider-an knowledge really is.

<!--link to live site-->
You can view the live site here.- *link*

<!--images of responsivity of quiz-->
![Spider-Man Super Quiz Responsiveness](link)

<!--contents section-->
# Contents

* [**Project Aim**](<#project-aim>)
* [**User Experience**](<#user-experience>)
* [Design Wireframes](<#design-wireframes>)
* [Webpage Structure](<#webpage-structure>)
* [Reasons for Design](<#reasons-for-design>)
* [Fonts](<#fonts>)
* [Colour Scheme](<#colour-scheme>)
* [**Features**](<#features>)
* [Home Page](<#home-page>)
* [Help Page](<#help-page>)
* [Questions Page](<#questions-page>)
* [Final Page](<#final-page>)
* [**Future Features**](<#future-features>)
* [Newsletter Sign Up](<#newsletter-sign-up>)
* [Rounds](<#rounds>)
* [Dark and Light Mode](<#dark-and-light-mode>)
* [**Technologies Used**](<#technologies-used>)
* [**Testing**](<#testing>)
* [**Bugs and Fixes**](<#bugs-and-fixes>)
* [**Deployment**](<#deployment>)
* [**Credits**](<#credits>)
* [Media](<#media>)
* [Content](<#content>)
* [**Acknowledgements**](<#acknowledgements>)

<!--project aim-->
## Project Aim
The main aim of my second project is to provide Spider-Man fans with a fun and interactive quiz that they can access whenever they want to test their Spider-Man knowledge. The quiz was made to be a quick and fun escape from the real world, into the Marvel universe for fans who need mind stimulating fun. I aim to use HTML and CSS to structure and style the quiz in a fun and inviting way whilst using JavaScript to add fun and interactivity to the quiz. 

[Back to Contents](<##contents>)

<!--user experience-->
### User Experience
## Design Wireframes
For my second project I decided to carry out the initial designs on Figma, creating wireframes for desktop and mobile sized screens. The initial wireframes were created to help visualise the structure of the quiz however the ultimate structure and colour scheme of the quiz ended up being different to increase the accessibility and interactivity of the quiz. 
![Design Wireframes](link)

<!--webpage structure-->
## Webpage Structure
*placeholder text*

Commit message:

Add reasons for design section to read me with text and placeholder text

README.md, after:

<!--title-->
# Spider-Man Super Quiz- Project Portfolio 2- HTML, CSS and JavaScript.

<!--summary paragraph-->
Spider-Man Super Quiz is a fun and interactive quiz which has been independently built by myself. The aim of the quiz is for Marvel fans, in particular fans of Spider-Man, to test their knowledge on their favourite superhero- Spider-Man. The fun but professional and inviting structure of the quiz means it is perfect for Spider-Man fans of all ages and knowledge to get started on seeing how well their Spider-an knowledge really is.

<!--link to live site-->
You can view the live site here.- *link*

<!--images of responsivity of quiz-->
![Spider-Man Super Quiz Responsiveness](link)

<!--contents section-->
# Contents

* [**Project Aim**](<#project-aim>)
* [**User Experience**](<#user-experience>)
* [Design Wireframes](<#design-wireframes>)
* [Webpage Structure](<#webpage-structure>)
* [Reasons for Design](<#reasons-for-design>)
* [Fonts](<#fonts>)
* [Colour Scheme](<#colour-scheme>)
* [**Features**](<#features>)
* [Home Page](<#home-page>)
* [Help Page](<#help-page>)
* [Questions Page](<#questions-page>)
* [Final Page](<#final-page>)
* [**Future Features**](<#future-features>)
* [Newsletter Sign Up](<#newsletter-sign-up>)
* [Rounds](<#rounds>)
* [Dark and Light Mode](<#dark-and-light-mode>)
* [**Technologies Used**](<#technologies-used>)
* [**Testing**](<#testing>)
* [**Bugs and Fixes**](<#bugs-and-fixes>)
* [**Deployment**](<#deployment>)
* [**Credits**](<#credits>)
* [Media](<#media>)
* [Content](<#content>)
* [**Acknowledgements**](<#acknowledgements>)

<!--project aim-->
## Project Aim
The main aim of my second project is to provide Spider-Man fans with a fun and interactive quiz that they can access whenever they want to test their Spider-Man knowledge. The quiz was made to be a quick and fun escape from the real world, into the Marvel universe for fans who need mind stimulating fun. I aim to use HTML and CSS to structure and style the quiz in a fun and inviting way whilst using JavaScript to add fun and interactivity to the quiz. 

[Back to Contents](<##contents>)

<!--user experience-->
## User Experience

### Design Wireframes
For my second project I decided to carry out the initial designs on Figma, creating wireframes for desktop and mobile sized screens. The initial wireframes were created to help visualise the structure of the quiz however the ultimate structure and colour scheme of the quiz ended up being different to increase the accessibility and interactivity of the quiz. 
![Design Wireframes](link)

<!--webpage structure-->
### Webpage Structure
*placeholder text*

<!--reasons for design-->
## Reasons for Design

### Fonts
- To embody a comic feel to the quiz, for the main title of the quiz and a small portion of text on the final page I decided to use ***** for the font with sans-serif as the font that the browser can fall back on to if the browser used cannot support ****. The unique font is similar to the font used on the Amazing Spider-Man Comic covers therefore I knew it would be perfect for the title, Spider-Man fans will instantly recognise the style of font creating a positive feeling instantly. 
- Across the pages of the quiz, I decided to use **** once again with sans-serif as a font for the browser to fall back on if **** is not available to the browser. I decided to use this font to create a contrast with the title font but also to add a professional look to the quiz. More so, using the ***** font mainly was a choice I made as the clean font is easier to read than if **** was used across the webpage, making the quiz more accessible, professional and clean.

### Colour Scheme
- For the quiz the colour scheme completely aligns with the colour scheme of the Spider-Man movies and comics. The quiz mainly occupies the iconic blue black and red colour trio that Marvel uses for Peter Parkers’ suit. These familiar colours create a positive and welcoming feel making users want to remain on the page and participate in the quiz. 
- The quiz title and text occupy very light blue that can appear as white, this adds a fresh feel to the page and makes the text easy to read against the dark background blue/navy.  
- I decided to go for a darker blue for the background colours to make the quiz appear more professional. Spider-Man is an interest for individuals of all ages, my desire was not to make the quiz appear ‘childish’, the Spider-Man universe based in Queens portrayed in the movies has always had a dark undertone to it through the dark rainy scenes and characters such as Venom, I used the darker colour scheme to portray this darker theme and why I believe Spider-Man caters to older audiences as well as younger audiences. This also helped increase inclusivity of the quiz. 

*screenshots of colours*

[Back to Contents](<##contents>)
